README.md, before:

MTOM
=====================

## Disclaimer

This software is in the public domain because it contains materials that originally came from the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation (Reclamation), an agency of the United States Department of Interior.

Reclamation provides the contents of this model package as a courtesy and service to our customers and stakeholders. Reclamation makes efforts to maintain the accuracy of the model, logic, results, and the data found in this package distribution; any of which may be subject to change between monthly package distributions. This package is provided with the express understanding that Reclamation makes no warranties, expressed or implied, concerning the accuracy, completeness, usability, or suitability for any particular purpose of the information or data obtained via modifications to the model, its logic, or its data. Reclamation shall be under no liability whatsoever to any individual or group entity by reason of any use made thereof. 

This software is provided "AS IS".

Commit message:

add repo moved status
repo moved to github.com/usbr/crmms

README.md, after:

[![Project Status: Moved to github.com/usbr/crmms – The project has been moved to a new location, and the version at that location should be considered authoritative.](https://www.repostatus.org/badges/latest/moved.svg)](https://www.repostatus.org/#moved) to [https://github.com/usbr/crmms](https://github.com/usbr/crmms)


MTOM
=====================

## Disclaimer

This software is in the public domain because it contains materials that originally came from the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation (Reclamation), an agency of the United States Department of Interior.

Reclamation provides the contents of this model package as a courtesy and service to our customers and stakeholders. Reclamation makes efforts to maintain the accuracy of the model, logic, results, and the data found in this package distribution; any of which may be subject to change between monthly package distributions. This package is provided with the express understanding that Reclamation makes no warranties, expressed or implied, concerning the accuracy, completeness, usability, or suitability for any particular purpose of the information or data obtained via modifications to the model, its logic, or its data. Reclamation shall be under no liability whatsoever to any individual or group entity by reason of any use made thereof. 

This software is provided "AS IS".
